{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15200\viewh18420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The data and information contained in this document cannot be
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 altered without the express written permission of SecuTech Solution
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Inc. No part of this document can be reproduced or transmitted for any
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 purpose whatsoever, either by electronic or mechanical means.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 The general terms of trade of SecuTech Solution Inc. apply. Diverging
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 agreements must be made in writing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Copyright \'a9 SecuTech Solution Inc. All rights reserved.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 WINDOWS is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 The WINDOWS-logo is a registered trademark (TM) of Microsoft
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 Corporation.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Software License
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The software and the enclosed documentation are
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 copyright-protected. By installing the software, you agree to the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 conditions of the licensing agreement.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Licensing Agreement
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 SecuTech Solution Inc. (SecuTech for short) gives the buyer the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 simple, exclusive and non-transferable licensing right to use the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 software on one individual computer or networked computer system
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 (LAN). Copying and any other form of reproduction of the software in
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 full or in part as well as mixing and linking it with others is prohibited.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 The buyer is authorized to make one single copy of the software as a
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 backup. SecuTech reserves the right to change or improve the
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 software without notice or to replace it by a new development.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 SecuTech is not obliged to inform the buyer of changes,
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 improvements or new developments or to make these available to him.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 A legally binding promise of certain qualities is not given. SecuTech is
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 not responsible for damage unless it is the result of deliberate action
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 or negligence on the part of SecuTech or its aids and assistants.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 SecuTech accepts no responsibility of any kind for indirect,
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs28 accompanying or subsequent damage.}